text:The person holds up the violin to his chin and gets ready .
text:The person holds up the violin to her chin and gets ready .
text:Someone drags the villain through a trellis and smashes his against another wall .
text:Someone drags the villain through a trellis and smashes her against another wall .
text:Someone drags the villain through a trellis and smashes him against another wall .
text:Someone drags the villain through a trellis and smashes hers against another wall .
text:As the retired firefighter catches his breath lying face down , someone remains standing .
text:As the retired firefighter catches her breath lying face down , someone remains standing .
text:The person in pink has been sitting there for hours, drinking the apple juice he ordered.
text:The person in pink has been sitting there for hours, drinking the apple juice she ordered.
text:One person dives straight into water as he comes rollerblading at high speed .
text:One person dives straight into water as she comes rollerblading at high speed .
text:The well - built neighbor runs out , clutching a towel around his waist .
text:The well - built neighbor runs out , clutching a towel around her waist .
text:The barman rolls his eyes .
text:The barman rolls her eyes .
text:The tall , blonde security guard checks his watch .
text:The tall , blonde security guard checks her watch .
text:The tall , blonde security guard checks his watch .
text:The tall , blonde security guard checks her watch .
text:A anchorman in a suit sits with a laptop on his clear desk .
text:A anchorman in a suit sits with a laptop on her clear desk .
text:The doctor must have been in another building , because over his shoulders is flung a dark blue overcoat .
text:The doctor must have been in another building , because over her shoulders is flung a dark blue overcoat .
text:The satyr meets his friends gaze and nods .
text:The satyr meets her friends gaze and nods .
text:One of the body builders lifts the weight bar several times and then drops it down while the other two body builders watch him .
text:One of the body builders lifts the weight bar several times and then drops it down while the other two body builders watch hers .
text:A child sitting at restaurant table places his hands in a dessert .
text:A child sitting at restaurant table places her hands in a dessert .
text:The child uses his hands to eat the food .
text:The child uses her hands to eat the food .
text:Peering at his through dark sunglasses , someone coolly strolls up to the military commander .
text:Peering at her through dark sunglasses , someone coolly strolls up to the military commander .
text:Peering at him through dark sunglasses , someone coolly strolls up to the military commander .
text:Peering at hers through dark sunglasses , someone coolly strolls up to the military commander .
text:Sometime later someone gives fat ass a lift and left home in his knacker old car .
text:Sometime later someone gives fat ass a lift and left home in her knacker old car .
text:The friend watches the customer intently as he drops the coins one by one onto the marble .
text:The friend watches the customer intently as she drops the coins one by one onto the marble .
text:A player from the cream team then hits the puck with his stick but is not very successful .
text:A player from the cream team then hits the puck with her stick but is not very successful .
text:Snowy slips past the last thug and into the hold as he shuts the door .
text:Snowy slips past the last thug and into the hold as she shuts the door .
text:The athlete then begins talking and showing various techniques that he uses .
text:The athlete then begins talking and showing various techniques that she uses .
text:Someone bows to Buckbeak , who lowers his head in return .
text:Someone bows to Buckbeak , who lowers her head in return .
text:Ringside , the timekeeper raises his mallet .
text:Ringside , the timekeeper raises her mallet .
text:Now shirtless , the bald muscular thug waves the truck driver on , as he jaunts to the chopper .
text:Now shirtless , the bald muscular thug waves the truck driver on , as she jaunts to the chopper .
text:The English teacher purses his lip .
text:The English teacher purses her lip .
text:The leader , holding some pamphlets , stands by a chain - link fence , a few feet away from his group , talking to someone on the other side .
text:The leader , holding some pamphlets , stands by a chain - link fence , a few feet away from her group , talking to someone on the other side .
text:A surfer in a wetsuit rides his surfboard on the waves .
text:A surfer in a wetsuit rides her surfboard on the waves .
text:The opponent takes his turn but the stripe nine does n't enter into the pocket and someone ends up pushing it in the hole .
text:The opponent takes her turn but the stripe nine does n't enter into the pocket and someone ends up pushing it in the hole .
text:A young child is seen walking forward with a stick in his hand and pushing a puck down a track .
text:A young child is seen walking forward with a stick in her hand and pushing a puck down a track .
text:Two surfers is greeted by a seal in the ocean that jumps on his board and plays with them .
text:Two surfers is greeted by a seal in the ocean that jumps on her board and plays with them .
text:The photographer checks his shot .
text:The photographer checks her shot .
text:The person then takes a hammer like poles and begins to hit each ball one by one between two poles that are about four yards away from his .
text:The person then takes a hammer like poles and begins to hit each ball one by one between two poles that are about four yards away from her .
text:The person then takes a hammer like poles and begins to hit each ball one by one between two poles that are about four yards away from him .
text:The person then takes a hammer like poles and begins to hit each ball one by one between two poles that are about four yards away from hers .
text:Then , the toddler applies make up to his eyelids on front a blue mirror .
text:Then , the toddler applies make up to her eyelids on front a blue mirror .
text:A toddler paint his lips with a lipstick .
text:A toddler paint her lips with a lipstick .
text:The cop defends his with a throw pillow .
text:The cop defends her with a throw pillow .
text:The cop defends him with a throw pillow .
text:The cop defends hers with a throw pillow .
text:The cop defends himself with a throw pillow .
text:The cop defends herself with a throw pillow .
text:A nerd knocks him into someone and someone swipes the dealer 's phone .
text:A nerd knocks hers into someone and someone swipes the dealer 's phone .
text:A nerd knocks himself into someone and someone swipes the dealer 's phone .
text:A nerd knocks herself into someone and someone swipes the dealer 's phone .
text:The boxer in black falls down and lands on his back and groans .
text:The boxer in black falls down and lands on her back and groans .
text:A small child is seen sitting in a tube while others stand around his .
text:A small child is seen sitting in a tube while others stand around her .
text:A small child is seen sitting in a tube while others stand around him .
text:A small child is seen sitting in a tube while others stand around hers .
text:An athlete is shown in slow motion as he hurls a disc at a competition .
text:An athlete is shown in slow motion as she hurls a disc at a competition .
text:Someone makes a pulling motion and the bully lurches , his mouth spurting blood .
text:Someone makes a pulling motion and the bully lurches , her mouth spurting blood .
text:The lawyer peers closely over his shoulder to read along .
text:The lawyer peers closely over her shoulder to read along .
text:Leaning out from hiding and craning his neck , the young agent peers up at the hotel .
text:Leaning out from hiding and craning her neck , the young agent peers up at the hotel .
text:The person clamps his tongue , then inserts a piercing .
text:The person clamps her tongue , then inserts a piercing .
text:Image and clips of a blond hair stylist braiding his hair .
text:Image and clips of a blond hair stylist braiding her hair .
text:A gymnast is seen looking off in the distance and rubbing his hands together .
text:A gymnast is seen looking off in the distance and rubbing her hands together .
text:Someone kisses Stephen , then leaves his at the table .
text:Someone kisses Stephen , then leaves her at the table .
text:Someone kisses Stephen , then leaves him at the table .
text:Someone kisses Stephen , then leaves hers at the table .
text:An intro of titles eventually leads to an athlete holding a large amount of weights over his head .
text:An intro of titles eventually leads to an athlete holding a large amount of weights over her head .
text:The matador is is holding a stick then went to the bull , and the bull attacked his , people came up to the bull and covered the bull with cape .
text:The matador is is holding a stick then went to the bull , and the bull attacked her , people came up to the bull and covered the bull with cape .
text:The matador is is holding a stick then went to the bull , and the bull attacked him , people came up to the bull and covered the bull with cape .
text:The matador is is holding a stick then went to the bull , and the bull attacked hers , people came up to the bull and covered the bull with cape .
text:The coach dressed in black begins critiquing the two fencers and holds the tips of the swords in his hand .
text:The coach dressed in black begins critiquing the two fencers and holds the tips of the swords in her hand .
text:Another is swung round by his scarf .
text:Another is swung round by her scarf .
text:The bullet hits the getaway car 's driver in the head causing his to crash .
text:The bullet hits the getaway car 's driver in the head causing her to crash .
text:The bullet hits the getaway car 's driver in the head causing him to crash .
text:The bullet hits the getaway car 's driver in the head causing hers to crash .
text:A young child is seen wearing ear pieces on his head and blowing around the grass .
text:A young child is seen wearing ear pieces on her head and blowing around the grass .
text:The baby laughs as he swings back and forth .
text:The baby laughs as she swings back and forth .
text:Someone faces the stout driver and sweeps his bus pass over a scanner .
text:Someone faces the stout driver and sweeps her bus pass over a scanner .
text:The Brighton Chairman extends his hand to shake .
text:The Brighton Chairman extends her hand to shake .
text:The green meanie easily just punches the cops with his fist .
text:The green meanie easily just punches the cops with her fist .
text:A soldier carries a heavy machine gun on his shoulder .
text:A soldier carries a heavy machine gun on her shoulder .
text:The other player is a more serious player as he serves .
text:The other player is a more serious player as she serves .
text:The narrator lets go of his shotgun 's stock and extends a shaky thumb like a hitchhiker .
text:The narrator lets go of her shotgun 's stock and extends a shaky thumb like a hitchhiker .
text:As the narrator wheels his suitcase around to the passenger side .
text:As the narrator wheels her suitcase around to the passenger side .
text:After , the game continues and the person filming it is shown as well as the person who is sitting next to his .
text:After , the game continues and the person filming it is shown as well as the person who is sitting next to her .
text:After , the game continues and the person filming it is shown as well as the person who is sitting next to him .
text:After , the game continues and the person filming it is shown as well as the person who is sitting next to hers .
text:The person shows his computer screen .
text:The person shows her computer screen .
text:As the villainess approaches , someone hurls an energy disc past his .
text:As the villainess approaches , someone hurls an energy disc past her .
text:As the villainess approaches , someone hurls an energy disc past him .
text:As the villainess approaches , someone hurls an energy disc past hers .
text:As the villainess approaches , someone hurls an energy disc past his .
text:As the villainess approaches , someone hurls an energy disc past her .
text:As the villainess approaches , someone hurls an energy disc past him .
text:As the villainess approaches , someone hurls an energy disc past hers .
text:The burly agent stiffens his jaw .
text:The burly agent stiffens her jaw .
text:The diver towels off then tosses down his towel and approaches the end of the diving board for a first attempt .
text:The diver towels off then tosses down her towel and approaches the end of the diving board for a first attempt .
text:A snowboarder begins to make some commentary about his snowboarding techniques .
text:A snowboarder begins to make some commentary about her snowboarding techniques .
text:Someone fires at the closest zombie and sends his sprawling backwards .
text:Someone fires at the closest zombie and sends her sprawling backwards .
text:Someone fires at the closest zombie and sends him sprawling backwards .
text:Someone fires at the closest zombie and sends hers sprawling backwards .
text:Wearing his leg brace , the station inspector paces down a staircase and surveys the crowd .
text:Wearing her leg brace , the station inspector paces down a staircase and surveys the crowd .
text:A person is seen sitting behind a table with one holding a piece of paper around his .
text:A person is seen sitting behind a table with one holding a piece of paper around her .
text:A person is seen sitting behind a table with one holding a piece of paper around him .
text:A person is seen sitting behind a table with one holding a piece of paper around hers .
text:A person is seen sitting behind a table with one holding a piece of paper around himself .
text:A person is seen sitting behind a table with one holding a piece of paper around herself .
text:The attendant puts down his magazine and stares .
text:The attendant puts down her magazine and stares .
text:As the nurse steps away , the young abortion patient briefly musters a smile for his .
text:As the nurse steps away , the young abortion patient briefly musters a smile for her .
text:As the nurse steps away , the young abortion patient briefly musters a smile for him .
text:As the nurse steps away , the young abortion patient briefly musters a smile for hers .
text:As the nurse steps away , the young abortion patient briefly musters a smile for himself .
text:As the nurse steps away , the young abortion patient briefly musters a smile for herself .
text:Several clips are shown of people riding their bikes along a track with one falling and others clapping while he gets up .
text:Several clips are shown of people riding their bikes along a track with one falling and others clapping while she gets up .
text:As he leaves with the crewman , the master - at - arms hands someone the handcuff key .
text:As she leaves with the crewman , the master - at - arms hands someone the handcuff key .
text:A kid stands on a court as a group of judges watch his jump rope rapidly .
text:A kid stands on a court as a group of judges watch her jump rope rapidly .
text:A kid stands on a court as a group of judges watch him jump rope rapidly .
text:A kid stands on a court as a group of judges watch hers jump rope rapidly .
text:The older surfer faces a cresting wave that towers stories above his .
text:The older surfer faces a cresting wave that towers stories above her .
text:The older surfer faces a cresting wave that towers stories above him .
text:The older surfer faces a cresting wave that towers stories above hers .
text:As someone looks on ecstatically , the older surfer pops up at the wave 's crest , then rides his board 20 feet down the glassy face .
text:As someone looks on ecstatically , the older surfer pops up at the wave 's crest , then rides her board 20 feet down the glassy face .
text:As they race across the clearing , someone looks back to see the minotaur lift his car overhead and throw it .
text:As they race across the clearing , someone looks back to see the minotaur lift her car overhead and throw it .
text:A soldier stands guard at a corner as his teammates enter an unlit building .
text:A soldier stands guard at a corner as her teammates enter an unlit building .
text:A person is seen playing an accordion on a busy street while many people walk around him and watch .
text:A person is seen playing an accordion on a busy street while many people walk around hers and watch .
text:The frail , old servant won't be moved , keeping his uncomprehending gaze directed at someone .
text:The frail , old servant won't be moved , keeping her uncomprehending gaze directed at someone .
text:The soldiers stop pushing and turned to face the Nazi officer as he strides into the tower .
text:The soldiers stop pushing and turned to face the Nazi officer as she strides into the tower .
text:The informant looks at his .
text:The informant looks at her .
text:The informant looks at him .
text:The informant looks at hers .
text:Someone suspends another in midair , then sends him flying back out of the window .
text:Someone suspends another in midair , then sends hers flying back out of the window .
text:Vines strip up the giant and pin his to the ground .
text:Vines strip up the giant and pin her to the ground .
text:Vines strip up the giant and pin him to the ground .
text:Vines strip up the giant and pin hers to the ground .
text:Someone suspends another in midair , then sends him flying back out of the window .
text:Someone suspends another in midair , then sends hers flying back out of the window .
text:Someone comes downstairs , and a cigar smoking building manager directs his attention to the visitor .
text:Someone comes downstairs , and a cigar smoking building manager directs her attention to the visitor .
text:The person then brushes his blunt hair .
text:The person then brushes her blunt hair .
text:Various people are seen sitting around a casino with one teller shaking his body and head back and fourth .
text:Various people are seen sitting around a casino with one teller shaking her body and head back and fourth .
text:A band master holds up his hand and four drummers stop .
text:A band master holds up her hand and four drummers stop .
text:As Jinx looks on , someone types his name into a Google search window .
text:As Jinx looks on , someone types her name into a Google search window .
text:A person is seen moping a floor while looking all around his .
text:A person is seen moping a floor while looking all around her .
text:A person is seen moping a floor while looking all around him .
text:A person is seen moping a floor while looking all around hers .
text:A person is seen moping a floor while looking all around himself .
text:A person is seen moping a floor while looking all around herself .
text:A window cleaner in sneakers and a beanie is hanging up and cleaning a window with a towel , with other cleaners behind him hard at work .
text:A window cleaner in sneakers and a beanie is hanging up and cleaning a window with a towel , with other cleaners behind hers hard at work .
text:One of the car parkers passes them on his way out .
text:One of the car parkers passes them on her way out .
text:The inspector adjusts his leg brace then glances at someone .
text:The inspector adjusts her leg brace then glances at someone .
text:One steward shines his flashlight in the car 's steamed up windows .
text:One steward shines her flashlight in the car 's steamed up windows .
text:The weight lifter then uses weights resting on his knees while in the squatting position .
text:The weight lifter then uses weights resting on her knees while in the squatting position .
text:A weight lifter is in a gym , and he lifts a barbell .
text:A weight lifter is in a gym , and she lifts a barbell .
text:Wide eyed , the agent looks over his shoulder and scans the room .
text:Wide eyed , the agent looks over her shoulder and scans the room .
text:The pig farmer reaches for a knife as his friend 's eyes widen .
text:The pig farmer reaches for a knife as her friend 's eyes widen .
text:A young rider jumps a ramp and clutches the handlebars with his feet .
text:A young rider jumps a ramp and clutches the handlebars with her feet .
text:The young bagpiper marches in place while playing his bagpipe while onlookers watch from behind .
text:The young bagpiper marches in place while playing her bagpipe while onlookers watch from behind .
text:A group of photographers take pictures as a weight lifter shows up on stage and prepares his hands .
text:A group of photographers take pictures as a weight lifter shows up on stage and prepares her hands .
text:The Snitch flips from tower to tower then suddenly change his course and head straight for the ground .
text:The Snitch flips from tower to tower then suddenly change her course and head straight for the ground .
text:After , the teen puts his hand in shoes on the surfboard and demonstrates a turn .
text:After , the teen puts her hand in shoes on the surfboard and demonstrates a turn .
text:We get a better view of the salesman waiting while his connection is being made .
text:We get a better view of the salesman waiting while her connection is being made .
text:The Chief is already up off his chair , rounding the desk .
text:The Chief is already up off her chair , rounding the desk .
text:The clerk grows mesmerized by the glowing gemstone on his cane .
text:The clerk grows mesmerized by the glowing gemstone on her cane .
text:A picture of the guardian 's family rests on his desk .
text:A picture of the guardian 's family rests on her desk .
text:The hunter reaches in his pocket , but finds no more grain .
text:The hunter reaches in her pocket , but finds no more grain .
text:The programmer plops down before his computer and types frantically .
text:The programmer plops down before her computer and types frantically .
text:A small child is seen standing before a pool and leads into his jumping in .
text:A small child is seen standing before a pool and leads into her jumping in .
text:Meanwhile , the chef is putting ingredients and explaining the process of what he is doing and why into the pan .
text:Meanwhile , the chef is putting ingredients and explaining the process of what she is doing and why into the pan .
text:The person is parasailing , he is holding the sail .
text:The person is parasailing , she is holding the sail .
text:Once someone and the last of the shoppers have gone , the security guard checks his watch and taps a code into the alarm system .
text:Once someone and the last of the shoppers have gone , the security guard checks her watch and taps a code into the alarm system .
text:The person puts on his sword fighting gloves and helmet .
text:The person puts on her sword fighting gloves and helmet .
text:The killer desperately fights to find perches on the ground as he dangles over the hole .
text:The killer desperately fights to find perches on the ground as she dangles over the hole .
text:The killer desperately fights to find perches on the ground as he dangles over the hole .
text:The killer desperately fights to find perches on the ground as she dangles over the hole .
text:The Assistant starts to move for someone who is ready for his .
text:The Assistant starts to move for someone who is ready for her .
text:The Assistant starts to move for someone who is ready for him .
text:The Assistant starts to move for someone who is ready for hers .
text:The champion birder gets out to find scaffolding framing the entire left wing of his home .
text:The champion birder gets out to find scaffolding framing the entire left wing of her home .
text:A number of guests are gathered in the drawing room to listen , including People , who has a sour look on his face .
text:A number of guests are gathered in the drawing room to listen , including People , who has a sour look on her face .
text:A number of guests are gathered in the drawing room to listen , including People , who has a sour look on him face .
text:A number of guests are gathered in the drawing room to listen , including People , who has a sour look on hers face .
text:The vagrant 's on his phone .
text:The vagrant 's on her phone .
text:On a dark country lane , a Hobbit bounder lifts his watch lantern in alarm .
text:On a dark country lane , a Hobbit bounder lifts her watch lantern in alarm .
text:A person is seen gearing up while speaking to the camera and leads into his doing push ups .
text:A person is seen gearing up while speaking to the camera and leads into her doing push ups .
text:A person is seen gearing up while speaking to the camera and leads into him doing push ups .
text:A person is seen gearing up while speaking to the camera and leads into hers doing push ups .
text:The janitor sets down his supplies and heads over .
text:The janitor sets down her supplies and heads over .
text:A guard unlocks a barred door , then raises his baton to a second metal door just inside .
text:A guard unlocks a barred door , then raises her baton to a second metal door just inside .
text:The janitor enters and the guard shuts the door behind his .
text:The janitor enters and the guard shuts the door behind her .
text:The janitor enters and the guard shuts the door behind him .
text:The janitor enters and the guard shuts the door behind hers .
text:We return to the newscaster as he discusses a superhero movie .
text:We return to the newscaster as she discusses a superhero movie .
text:A person is seen blindfolded with other people helping his walk outside .
text:A person is seen blindfolded with other people helping her walk outside .
text:A person is seen blindfolded with other people helping him walk outside .
text:A person is seen blindfolded with other people helping hers walk outside .
text:Through the view - finder of the camera , we are now brought into close proximity with the salesman in his little kitchen .
text:Through the view - finder of the camera , we are now brought into close proximity with the salesman in her little kitchen .
text:The salesman leans forward and grips the window sill as he watches the dog .
text:The salesman leans forward and grips the window sill as she watches the dog .
text:Someone continues to what the salesman , his face showing a great concentration of thought .
text:Someone continues to what the salesman , her face showing a great concentration of thought .
text:The salesman has completed his cleaning of the case .
text:The salesman has completed her cleaning of the case .
text:The salesman has his aluminum case on the table near the center of the room .
text:The salesman has her aluminum case on the table near the center of the room .
text:Someone 's eyes lift to the salesman 's apartment , and the amusement drains from his face .
text:Someone 's eyes lift to the salesman 's apartment , and the amusement drains from her face .
text:There 's a news reporter sitting in the studio with a laptop in front of his giving the daily news telecast .
text:There 's a news reporter sitting in the studio with a laptop in front of her giving the daily news telecast .
text:There 's a news reporter sitting in the studio with a laptop in front of him giving the daily news telecast .
text:There 's a news reporter sitting in the studio with a laptop in front of hers giving the daily news telecast .
text:One of the bikers takes a fall after he leaps over a hilly road .
text:One of the bikers takes a fall after she leaps over a hilly road .
text:The Alsatian suddenly jerks his head up towards someone .
text:The Alsatian suddenly jerks her head up towards someone .
text:The other one , Houdini , lies slumped in the yard with someone kneeling in front of his .
text:The other one , Houdini , lies slumped in the yard with someone kneeling in front of her .
text:The other one , Houdini , lies slumped in the yard with someone kneeling in front of him .
text:The other one , Houdini , lies slumped in the yard with someone kneeling in front of hers .
text:The surfer flings his board against a wave , flying high into the air .
text:The surfer flings her board against a wave , flying high into the air .
text:A kid smokes a cigarette sitting in his bedroom .
text:A kid smokes a cigarette sitting in her bedroom .
text:The maitre d ' clenches his fist .
text:The maitre d ' clenches her fist .
text:One of them falls and still moving down the slope ends up running into another skier causing his to fall down also .
text:One of them falls and still moving down the slope ends up running into another skier causing her to fall down also .
text:One of them falls and still moving down the slope ends up running into another skier causing him to fall down also .
text:One of them falls and still moving down the slope ends up running into another skier causing hers to fall down also .
text:One of them falls and still moving down the slope ends up running into another skier causing himself to fall down also .
text:One of them falls and still moving down the slope ends up running into another skier causing herself to fall down also .
text:One player falls off his horse .
text:One player falls off her horse .
text:There 's one gymnast in orange leotards swinging on the rod and another gymnast next to his also swinging on the bars .
text:There 's one gymnast in orange leotards swinging on the rod and another gymnast next to her also swinging on the bars .
text:There 's one gymnast in orange leotards swinging on the rod and another gymnast next to him also swinging on the bars .
text:There 's one gymnast in orange leotards swinging on the rod and another gymnast next to hers also swinging on the bars .
text:A surfer is casually swimming when a wave crashes straight into his .
text:A surfer is casually swimming when a wave crashes straight into her .
text:A surfer is casually swimming when a wave crashes straight into him .
text:A surfer is casually swimming when a wave crashes straight into hers .
text:A skier uses a wind drone to propel him across a flat slope .
text:A skier uses a wind drone to propel hers across a flat slope .
text:A skier uses a wind drone to propel himself across a flat slope .
text:A skier uses a wind drone to propel herself across a flat slope .
text:The heavyset thug stands nearby as someone opens someone 's door and yanks his out .
text:The heavyset thug stands nearby as someone opens someone 's door and yanks her out .
text:The heavyset thug stands nearby as someone opens someone 's door and yanks him out .
text:The heavyset thug stands nearby as someone opens someone 's door and yanks hers out .
text:A young child is seen playing a drumming game in an arcade and moving his arms up and down .
text:A young child is seen playing a drumming game in an arcade and moving her arms up and down .
text:The person continues shaving and combing the mans hair as well as shaving his beard covering in shaving cream .
text:The person continues shaving and combing the mans hair as well as shaving her beard covering in shaving cream .
text:The dancer performs his dance routine holding a wand .
text:The dancer performs her dance routine holding a wand .
text:The gray haired goateed pickpocket quickens his pace and takes out a set of keys .
text:The gray haired goateed pickpocket quickens her pace and takes out a set of keys .
text:The car dealer calls out from his office .
text:The car dealer calls out from her office .
text:Someone pushes by the photographer , then stops as he sees someone 's body laid out on the tiled floor .
text:Someone pushes by the photographer , then stops as she sees someone 's body laid out on the tiled floor .
text:The humanoid brings the cup to his lips and drinks .
text:The humanoid brings the cup to her lips and drinks .
text:The assistant leaves someone by the display he is run into .
text:The assistant leaves someone by the display she is run into .
text:The snowy owl spreads his wings and flies away into the night sky .
text:The snowy owl spreads her wings and flies away into the night sky .
text:The baton twirler begins his performance with baton twirling and dance moves and jumps .
text:The baton twirler begins her performance with baton twirling and dance moves and jumps .
text:The officer drops his gun and flees .
text:The officer drops her gun and flees .
text:The athlete runs down the track and jumps into the sand bouncing to the side and back on his feet .
text:The athlete runs down the track and jumps into the sand bouncing to the side and back on her feet .
text:A person is seen wiping down a rag followed by several ingredients attached to his hip .
text:A person is seen wiping down a rag followed by several ingredients attached to her hip .
text:Peering through a window , someone sees the commander - in - chief fall out of his chair .
text:Peering through a window , someone sees the commander - in - chief fall out of her chair .
text:The inspector glances down at the brace on his leg .
text:The inspector glances down at the brace on her leg .
text:We see the kid with his new hair cut .
text:We see the kid with her new hair cut .
text:A point of view of a person shows his sitting in a sled holding hands of two children in sleds .
text:A point of view of a person shows her sitting in a sled holding hands of two children in sleds .
text:A point of view of a person shows him sitting in a sled holding hands of two children in sleds .
text:A point of view of a person shows hers sitting in a sled holding hands of two children in sleds .
text:A point of view of a person shows himself sitting in a sled holding hands of two children in sleds .
text:A point of view of a person shows herself sitting in a sled holding hands of two children in sleds .
text:An individual gestures to his leg .
text:An individual gestures to her leg .
text:The Guard goes away , and camera follows his out of the room and out into the hallway .
text:The Guard goes away , and camera follows her out of the room and out into the hallway .
text:The Guard goes away , and camera follows him out of the room and out into the hallway .
text:The Guard goes away , and camera follows hers out of the room and out into the hallway .
text:A police guard puts his head in the door , speaks , in a near - whisper , to the Chief of Police .
text:A police guard puts her head in the door , speaks , in a near - whisper , to the Chief of Police .
text:The Guard is carrying a folded blanket over his arm .
text:The Guard is carrying a folded blanket over her arm .
text:As pedestrians scatter , one of the cops stops along the side of the lorry with his gun drawn .
text:As pedestrians scatter , one of the cops stops along the side of the lorry with her gun drawn .
text:The cop at the back of the lorry makes his way across the sand with a shovel .
text:The cop at the back of the lorry makes her way across the sand with a shovel .
text:After , the person spreads soap on the car with a bottle joint to a hose , after he brushes the front light of the car .
text:After , the person spreads soap on the car with a bottle joint to a hose , after she brushes the front light of the car .
text:The Nazi officer touches the side of his own face .
text:The Nazi officer touches the side of her own face .
text:The figure taps his walking stick .
text:The figure taps her walking stick .
text:The gymnast raised his legs up .
text:The gymnast raised her legs up .
text:The cave troll , with someone at his mercy , is distracted by the sounds emanating from Mordor .
text:The cave troll , with someone at her mercy , is distracted by the sounds emanating from Mordor .
text:Leaning next to the cop , someone looks at a file in his hand .
text:Leaning next to the cop , someone looks at a file in her hand .
text:The individual puts the contact lens on his eye .
text:The individual puts the contact lens on her eye .
text:The individual removes the lens from his eye .
text:The individual removes the lens from her eye .
text:The athlete jumped onto the poles and balanced on the two poles , standing on his arms then falling and rotating .
text:The athlete jumped onto the poles and balanced on the two poles , standing on her arms then falling and rotating .
text:As someone fights the warrior a second opponent comes up from behind and tears off his helmet .
text:As someone fights the warrior a second opponent comes up from behind and tears off her helmet .
text:Several wrestlers are shown lined up in a game with a person choosing his characters .
text:Several wrestlers are shown lined up in a game with a person choosing her characters .
text:Citizens hurry over and line up as the proprietor doles out his newly acquired wealth .
text:Citizens hurry over and line up as the proprietor doles out her newly acquired wealth .
text:Someone shoots back at their pursuer , then follows him .
text:Someone shoots back at their pursuer , then follows hers .
text:Someone looks back at the fedora - wearing thug , who lowers his gun .
text:Someone looks back at the fedora - wearing thug , who lowers her gun .
text:The proprietor stares slack - jawed at his clock .
text:The proprietor stares slack - jawed at her clock .
text:Citizens hurry over and line up as the proprietor doles out his newly acquired wealth .
text:Citizens hurry over and line up as the proprietor doles out her newly acquired wealth .
text:The teen walks holding his skateboard .
text:The teen walks holding her skateboard .
text:The little elf folds his arms in triumph .
text:The little elf folds her arms in triumph .
text:Maximilian 's ears stand straight up as he stares at the inspector .
text:Maximilian 's ears stand straight up as she stares at the inspector .
text:A young child is shown rubbing glitter all over his lips and walking over to a mirror .
text:A young child is shown rubbing glitter all over her lips and walking over to a mirror .
text:The mastermind peels back his dark hood .
text:The mastermind peels back her dark hood .
text:One holds a cigar to his mouth .
text:One holds a cigar to her mouth .
text:An ss Lieutenant has entered the stores , sucking his finger , which is bleeding .
text:An ss Lieutenant has entered the stores , sucking her finger , which is bleeding .
text:A servant walks to the front door , pulling up his braces .
text:A servant walks to the front door , pulling up her braces .
text:A gymnast strides to the uneven bars jumps off a board and grabs on to the bars and goes through his routine .
text:A gymnast strides to the uneven bars jumps off a board and grabs on to the bars and goes through her routine .
text:The clerk hits a button on his desk .
text:The clerk hits a button on her desk .
text:Abha has signaled to the cheap watch dangling from his dhoti .
text:Abha has signaled to the cheap watch dangling from her dhoti .
text:Someone ducks a bit so the Mayor can put the key around his neck .
text:Someone ducks a bit so the Mayor can put the key around her neck .
text:The vegetarian warily places a piece of fish in his mouth .
text:The vegetarian warily places a piece of fish in her mouth .
text:The teen looks around cautiously then returns his attention to the water .
text:The teen looks around cautiously then returns her attention to the water .
text:The teen looks around cautiously then returns his attention to the water .
text:The teen looks around cautiously then returns her attention to the water .
text:The Drill Sergeant looks at his stop watch .
text:The Drill Sergeant looks at her stop watch .
text:Pop is smiling and poking his plate .
text:Pop is smiling and poking her plate .
text:A small toddler is in the bathroom brushing his teeth .
text:A small toddler is in the bathroom brushing her teeth .
text:Aiming his flashlight , the android approaches it wearily .
text:Aiming her flashlight , the android approaches it wearily .
text:Spreading his arms wide , the pilot leans back as if playing an organ .
text:Spreading her arms wide , the pilot leans back as if playing an organ .
text:In the recording , the leader walks over to the pilot and crouches to face his .
text:In the recording , the leader walks over to the pilot and crouches to face her .
text:In the recording , the leader walks over to the pilot and crouches to face him .
text:In the recording , the leader walks over to the pilot and crouches to face hers .
text:As someone stares , someone finds a body lying face down in his suit .
text:As someone stares , someone finds a body lying face down in her suit .
text:The boss faces them through his office window and stands .
text:The boss faces them through her office window and stands .
text:A person pushes a needle through his eyebrow .
text:A person pushes a needle through her eyebrow .
text:The dancers turns with his back to the audience and dances .
text:The dancers turns with her back to the audience and dances .
text:The belly dancer dances on stage shaking his hips and body .
text:The belly dancer dances on stage shaking her hips and body .
text:The person is seen hitting the drums in front of his continuously while also looking to the camera .
text:The person is seen hitting the drums in front of her continuously while also looking to the camera .
text:The person is seen hitting the drums in front of him continuously while also looking to the camera .
text:The person is seen hitting the drums in front of hers continuously while also looking to the camera .
text:The person is seen hitting the drums in front of himself continuously while also looking to the camera .
text:The person is seen hitting the drums in front of herself continuously while also looking to the camera .
text:A young child is seen climbing into a slide and edging his way closer to the edge .
text:A young child is seen climbing into a slide and edging her way closer to the edge .
text:The prisoners stand as someone frisks the guard 's body and takes his keys .
text:The prisoners stand as someone frisks the guard 's body and takes her keys .
text:A kid takes mouthwash and swishes it in his mouth .
text:A kid takes mouthwash and swishes it in her mouth .
text:The diver stands in one position first to adjust his stance and then gradually steps forward on the diving board .
text:The diver stands in one position first to adjust her stance and then gradually steps forward on the diving board .
text:At night , a meerkat yawns with his hind legs hanging over a branch .
text:At night , a meerkat yawns with her hind legs hanging over a branch .
text:The white haired banker sits , his gaze thoughtful and troubled .
text:The white haired banker sits , her gaze thoughtful and troubled .
text:The person looks to others around his and is seen riding down mountain .
text:The person looks to others around her and is seen riding down mountain .
text:The person looks to others around him and is seen riding down mountain .
text:The person looks to others around hers and is seen riding down mountain .
text:The captain signals to his helmsman , who fires up the engine .
text:The captain signals to her helmsman , who fires up the engine .
text:The guard waves them through , a cigarette ember glowing between his fingers .
text:The guard waves them through , a cigarette ember glowing between her fingers .
text:The soldier raises his arms in triumph .
text:The soldier raises her arms in triumph .
text:The commander strides angrily out of his hut .
text:The commander strides angrily out of her hut .
text:The captain signals to his helmsman , who fires up the engine .
text:The captain signals to her helmsman , who fires up the engine .
text:The soldier raises his arms in triumph .
text:The soldier raises her arms in triumph .
text:A chef speaks as he stands by a table full of cooking ingredients .
text:A chef speaks as she stands by a table full of cooking ingredients .
text:Someone blinks his solemn eyes at the matchmaker .
text:Someone blinks her solemn eyes at the matchmaker .
text:The chef shows the cucumbers he has used in the salad .
text:The chef shows the cucumbers she has used in the salad .
text:The penguin owner shifts his sad eyes .
text:The penguin owner shifts her sad eyes .
text:A person is seen moving along a large court followed by other people moving around beside his .
text:A person is seen moving along a large court followed by other people moving around beside her .
text:A person is seen moving along a large court followed by other people moving around beside him .
text:A person is seen moving along a large court followed by other people moving around beside hers .
text:As the civilian averts his gaze and fidgets , the detainee eyes them nervously .
text:As the civilian averts her gaze and fidgets , the detainee eyes them nervously .
text:A kid is laying down on his back on the floor .
text:A kid is laying down on her back on the floor .
text:A motocross rider rides his red dirt bike over some small Whoop - De - Dos .
text:A motocross rider rides her red dirt bike over some small Whoop - De - Dos .
text:The kidnapper rolls down his passenger window .
text:The kidnapper rolls down her passenger window .
text:Someone runs back into the front office and guns down the policeman , clutching the wound in his stomach .
text:Someone runs back into the front office and guns down the policeman , clutching the wound in her stomach .
text:Someone dives towards the next office and is shot at by the police chief but not before gunning him to the ground .
text:Someone dives towards the next office and is shot at by the police chief but not before gunning hers to the ground .
text:Someone dives towards the next office and is shot at by the police chief but not before gunning himself to the ground .
text:Someone dives towards the next office and is shot at by the police chief but not before gunning herself to the ground .
text:Finally , the hair stylist shows off his work .
text:Finally , the hair stylist shows off her work .
text:A score board shows and score , while a person stands walk away , and takes off his sweet sweater .
text:A score board shows and score , while a person stands walk away , and takes off her sweet sweater .
text:Someone strides closer to Tracy , who leans back and eyes his nervously .
text:Someone strides closer to Tracy , who leans back and eyes her nervously .
text:Someone strides closer to Tracy , who leans back and eyes him nervously .
text:Someone strides closer to Tracy , who leans back and eyes hers nervously .
text:The toll house keeper , hearing the cries for help , comes running out on the bridge with a flashlight , which he shines on the two figures struggling in the water below .
text:The toll house keeper , hearing the cries for help , comes running out on the bridge with a flashlight , which she shines on the two figures struggling in the water below .
text:The steward removes someone 's coat , while the master - at - arms frisks him .
text:The steward removes someone 's coat , while the master - at - arms frisks hers .
text:The person rides the wake board along the water while several cameras capture his movements and jumps behind the boat .
text:The person rides the wake board along the water while several cameras capture her movements and jumps behind the boat .
text:One of the Hindus bows with his hands clasped together .
text:One of the Hindus bows with her hands clasped together .
text:A person is seen dipping the brush in the paint an rubbing it along his arm .
text:A person is seen dipping the brush in the paint an rubbing it along her arm .
text:At one point one of the Motocross Riders has trouble with his bike and has to stop .
text:At one point one of the Motocross Riders has trouble with her bike and has to stop .
text:A child opens a faucet and wet his hands in the sink .
text:A child opens a faucet and wet her hands in the sink .
text:A neighbor walks up with his dog .
text:A neighbor walks up with her dog .
text:On the high ridge , Blond pumps his fists .
text:On the high ridge , Blond pumps her fists .
text:The troll closes the cage and lifts it on his back .
text:The troll closes the cage and lifts it on her back .
text:The baby stops and takes something off his hand .
text:The baby stops and takes something off her hand .
text:The Salesman puts the second wig on his head .
text:The Salesman puts the second wig on her head .
text:A person is seen placing a mat down on a floor with various tools laid out around his .
text:A person is seen placing a mat down on a floor with various tools laid out around her .
text:A person is seen placing a mat down on a floor with various tools laid out around him .
text:A person is seen placing a mat down on a floor with various tools laid out around hers .
text:As the door opens , the unconscious marshal sinks to his knees then falls face down .
text:As the door opens , the unconscious marshal sinks to her knees then falls face down .
text:The policeman finds the plastic cup and shakes his head at it .
text:The policeman finds the plastic cup and shakes her head at it .
text:The hatchet faced criminal hastily opens his gaudy shirt .
text:The hatchet faced criminal hastily opens her gaudy shirt .
text:As the door opens , the unconscious marshal sinks to his knees then falls face down .
text:As the door opens , the unconscious marshal sinks to her knees then falls face down .
text:At his desk , the sergeant looks up .
text:At her desk , the sergeant looks up .
text:The hatchet faced criminal hastily opens his gaudy shirt .
text:The hatchet faced criminal hastily opens her gaudy shirt .
text:At his station , the guard turns on a portable radio .
text:At her station , the guard turns on a portable radio .
text:The dark - haired campaign staffer drinks a coffee as he watches the debate on tv .
text:The dark - haired campaign staffer drinks a coffee as she watches the debate on tv .
text:The toddler sprays the garment and folds , then he continues ironing it .
text:The toddler sprays the garment and folds , then she continues ironing it .
text:The Crippled Farmer takes careful aim and brings his crutch down on the back of someone ' head .
text:The Crippled Farmer takes careful aim and brings her crutch down on the back of someone ' head .
text:The shop assistant is kindly trying to help his customers.
text:The shop assistant is kindly trying to help her customers.
text:One raises his sports drink in a toast .
text:One raises her sports drink in a toast .
text:The instructor dressed in a green and yellow tank top is directing the the group with his Zumba moves .
text:The instructor dressed in a green and yellow tank top is directing the the group with her Zumba moves .
text:Spinning wearily in his chair , the director faces someone .
text:Spinning wearily in her chair , the director faces someone .
text:The valet hugs someone as another valet pulls up in his car , which is covered in bird droppings .
text:The valet hugs someone as another valet pulls up in her car , which is covered in bird droppings .
text:A weightlifter prepares for his first lift .
text:A weightlifter prepares for her first lift .
text:Another child from a taller foosball table walks over to the child sized table sticks his hands on the table .
text:Another child from a taller foosball table walks over to the child sized table sticks her hands on the table .
text:There is a person seated on a white bench wearing a blue uniform , tying his shoelaces .
text:There is a person seated on a white bench wearing a blue uniform , tying her shoelaces .
text:An athlete wearing a white shirt and red shorts is running with a javelin in his hand in a stadium with several spectators .
text:An athlete wearing a white shirt and red shorts is running with a javelin in her hand in a stadium with several spectators .
text:The android tilts his head curiously and touches some spilling down the side with a gloved finger .
text:The android tilts her head curiously and touches some spilling down the side with a gloved finger .
text:The blond tosses his cigarette through the fence .
text:The blond tosses her cigarette through the fence .
text:The blond mouths thank you as he leaves .
text:The blond mouths thank you as she leaves .
text:The sentry is hit and falls in front of his box .
text:The sentry is hit and falls in front of her box .
text:A person sat on a chair with his accordion .
text:A person sat on a chair with her accordion .
text:Someone grabs Arthur and someone returns his gaze to someone .
text:Someone grabs Arthur and someone returns her gaze to someone .
text:The person kneels next to his car and shows cleaning products .
text:The person kneels next to her car and shows cleaning products .
text:One of the witches , who has short spiky hair , sets his bowl down .
text:One of the witches , who has short spiky hair , sets her bowl down .
text:A squawking baby attached to his umbilical cord .
text:A squawking baby attached to her umbilical cord .
text:The pirate leader turns his gun back on someone .
text:The pirate leader turns her gun back on someone .
text:The younger inmate punches another guard in his chest .
text:The younger inmate punches another guard in her chest .
text:The person is cleaning the bathroom with his friends.
text:The person is cleaning the bathroom with her friends.
text:My neighbor has so many flowers in his backyard.
text:My neighbor has so many flowers in her backyard.
text:The person holds up the bottles and begins painting his nails .
text:The person holds up the bottles and begins painting her nails .
text:An athlete sets up his stance in order to throw a disc during a track and field event .
text:An athlete sets up her stance in order to throw a disc during a track and field event .
text:The gunner on the Jeep watches intently , not seeing someone rise behind his .
text:The gunner on the Jeep watches intently , not seeing someone rise behind her .
text:The gunner on the Jeep watches intently , not seeing someone rise behind him .
text:The gunner on the Jeep watches intently , not seeing someone rise behind hers .
text:Someone twists the neck of a soldier and stabs his .
text:Someone twists the neck of a soldier and stabs her .
text:Someone twists the neck of a soldier and stabs him .
text:Someone twists the neck of a soldier and stabs hers .
text:Someone twists the neck of a soldier and stabs himself .
text:Someone twists the neck of a soldier and stabs herself .
text:A soldier 's leg is severed at the knee and he falls over .
text:A soldier 's leg is severed at the knee and she falls over .
text:A soldier flies through the air , his uniform on fire .
text:A soldier flies through the air , her uniform on fire .
text:The coach gets the ball passed to him .
text:The coach gets the ball passed to hers .
text:The coach gets the ball passed to himself .
text:The coach gets the ball passed to herself .
text:A guard rushes over , his gun pointed at someone .
text:A guard rushes over , her gun pointed at someone .
text:The group leader clutches a shoe to his forehead .
text:The group leader clutches a shoe to her forehead .
text:A gymnast put power chalk power on his hands and stands near the pommel horse .
text:A gymnast put power chalk power on her hands and stands near the pommel horse .
text:A clean - cut doctor walks in with his eyes on a file .
text:A clean - cut doctor walks in with her eyes on a file .
text:Catching the villain around the throat it sends his flying out into a river .
text:Catching the villain around the throat it sends her flying out into a river .
text:Catching the villain around the throat it sends him flying out into a river .
text:Catching the villain around the throat it sends hers flying out into a river .
text:The store clerk tosses trash out of the way as he paddles the beat - up raft down a narrow canal .
text:The store clerk tosses trash out of the way as she paddles the beat - up raft down a narrow canal .
text:A young child is seen sitting on the floor brushing his hair in front of a mirror .
text:A young child is seen sitting on the floor brushing her hair in front of a mirror .
text:A masked wrestler hits an unmasked wrestler on his shoulder .
text:A masked wrestler hits an unmasked wrestler on her shoulder .
text:There 's a personal trainer in a pink tank top and black athletic shorts standing a gym with many dumbbells , barbells and basketballs behind his .
text:There 's a personal trainer in a pink tank top and black athletic shorts standing a gym with many dumbbells , barbells and basketballs behind her .
text:There 's a personal trainer in a pink tank top and black athletic shorts standing a gym with many dumbbells , barbells and basketballs behind him .
text:There 's a personal trainer in a pink tank top and black athletic shorts standing a gym with many dumbbells , barbells and basketballs behind hers .
text:The goalie throws the ball back into the middle of the pool where a teammate grabs the ball and throws it to his teammate .
text:The goalie throws the ball back into the middle of the pool where a teammate grabs the ball and throws it to her teammate .
text:Someone grabs the other guard 's rifle and butts him in the head with it .
text:Someone grabs the other guard 's rifle and butts hers in the head with it .
text:Someone grabs the other guard 's rifle and butts himself in the head with it .
text:Someone grabs the other guard 's rifle and butts herself in the head with it .
text:One person bends over to hit a ball wile others watch his movements .
text:One person bends over to hit a ball wile others watch her movements .
text:A gymnast is seen standing ready with his arms up in the air in front of a large crowd .
text:A gymnast is seen standing ready with her arms up in the air in front of a large crowd .
text:The usher folds his arms .
text:The usher folds her arms .
text:Someone sits across from the detective , while two officers stand and watch his .
text:Someone sits across from the detective , while two officers stand and watch her .
text:Someone sits across from the detective , while two officers stand and watch him .
text:Someone sits across from the detective , while two officers stand and watch hers .
text:A person puts waxing strips on his leg and pulls off the hair .
text:A person puts waxing strips on her leg and pulls off the hair .
text:A second , then a merchant stands , signifying his pledge .
text:A second , then a merchant stands , signifying her pledge .
text:The friend wearing a rope puts out his arms in preparation .
text:The friend wearing a rope puts out her arms in preparation .
text:The civilian pats his pockets .
text:The civilian pats her pockets .
text:An officer blows his whistle several times .
text:An officer blows her whistle several times .
text:The lanky robber now lies on his back , palms up .
text:The lanky robber now lies on her back , palms up .
text:Someone grabs the steward by the scruff and throws his off the train .
text:Someone grabs the steward by the scruff and throws her off the train .
text:Someone grabs the steward by the scruff and throws him off the train .
text:Someone grabs the steward by the scruff and throws hers off the train .
text:Someone grabs the steward by the scruff and throws himself off the train .
text:Someone grabs the steward by the scruff and throws herself off the train .
text:The uneasy rookie looks at a Marine to his left .
text:The uneasy rookie looks at a Marine to her left .
text:Someone catches the elf as he falls .
text:Someone catches the elf as she falls .
text:As he leaves with the crewman , the Master at Arms hands someone the handcuff key .
text:As she leaves with the crewman , the Master at Arms hands someone the handcuff key .
text:A gym is shown and a large crowd of students is watching a person doing flips and throwing his baton over the floor .
text:A gym is shown and a large crowd of students is watching a person doing flips and throwing her baton over the floor .
text:Cinnamon and his prostitute friends join the geeks .
text:Cinnamon and her prostitute friends join the geeks .
text:The door opens and someone enters followed by Quince , sur - prised at seeing a convened Board , but still he is all smiles .
text:The door opens and someone enters followed by Quince , sur - prised at seeing a convened Board , but still she is all smiles .
text:The teen jumps flipping the skateboard with his feet and lands on the skateboard .
text:The teen jumps flipping the skateboard with her feet and lands on the skateboard .
text:The person shines his right boot in the electric buffer machine .
text:The person shines her right boot in the electric buffer machine .
text:Various athletes are seen standing ready while one jumps in place and prepares himself .
text:Various athletes are seen standing ready while one jumps in place and prepares herself .
text:The child wriggles through then turns , pulls a package after his and runs .
text:The child wriggles through then turns , pulls a package after her and runs .
text:The child wriggles through then turns , pulls a package after him and runs .
text:The child wriggles through then turns , pulls a package after hers and runs .
text:The child wriggles through then turns , pulls a package after himself and runs .
text:The child wriggles through then turns , pulls a package after herself and runs .
text:The imposing Frenchman joins his .
text:The imposing Frenchman joins her .
text:The imposing Frenchman joins him .
text:The imposing Frenchman joins hers .
text:The Colonel stand with his back to the bed and waits for it to go quiet .
text:The Colonel stand with her back to the bed and waits for it to go quiet .
text:A rider bounces out of his raft .
text:A rider bounces out of her raft .
text:The photographer lowers his camera to see the board tumble backwards behind the wave .
text:The photographer lowers her camera to see the board tumble backwards behind the wave .
text:The competitor is taking short breaths as he stares .
text:The competitor is taking short breaths as she stares .
text:The referee is on his knee observing .
text:The referee is on her knee observing .
text:A person is seen moving along a flooded road when a car takes off and he rides behind on a board .
text:A person is seen moving along a flooded road when a car takes off and she rides behind on a board .
text:The performer sings as he plays the violin and then bows down in front of the audience .
text:The performer sings as she plays the violin and then bows down in front of the audience .
text:One of the singers is playing the violin while the audience cheers and claps for his .
text:One of the singers is playing the violin while the audience cheers and claps for her .
text:One of the singers is playing the violin while the audience cheers and claps for him .
text:One of the singers is playing the violin while the audience cheers and claps for hers .
text:A toddler wearing a camouflage shirt is wetting his hands over a sink .
text:A toddler wearing a camouflage shirt is wetting her hands over a sink .
text:As someone greets his supporters , the campaign chairman sits on a picnic table and reads a newspaper .
text:As someone greets her supporters , the campaign chairman sits on a picnic table and reads a newspaper .
text:The sheriff drives his car into a gas station and pulls up by the pumps .
text:The sheriff drives her car into a gas station and pulls up by the pumps .
text:The sheriff pays for his petrol and the candy bar , then goes back outside .
text:The sheriff pays for her petrol and the candy bar , then goes back outside .
text:Facing someone , someone presses the guard 's head down and reaches over his back .
text:Facing someone , someone presses the guard 's head down and reaches over her back .
text:A person is seen turning his neck to the side and a person wearing gloves holding a needle .
text:A person is seen turning her neck to the side and a person wearing gloves holding a needle .
text:As the detective enters , the hostages look at his .
text:As the detective enters , the hostages look at her .
text:As the detective enters , the hostages look at him .
text:As the detective enters , the hostages look at hers .
text:The detective rolls down his sleeve .
text:The detective rolls down her sleeve .
text:As the detective descends , someone reaches into his pocket and pulls out a pack of gum .
text:As the detective descends , someone reaches into her pocket and pulls out a pack of gum .
text:A person stands up and puts his fist in the air .
text:A person stands up and puts her fist in the air .
text:Below , the inspector looks at the clock then checks his watch .
text:Below , the inspector looks at the clock then checks her watch .
text:As the host collects his time .
text:As the host collects her time .
text:The person then lights up his blades and jumps in place .
text:The person then lights up her blades and jumps in place .
text:The Israeli raises his eyebrows .
text:The Israeli raises her eyebrows .
text:A track and field athlete sets up and bends his legs before an event in a fenced area .
text:A track and field athlete sets up and bends her legs before an event in a fenced area .
text:The athlete swings the hammer throw ball around his body .
text:The athlete swings the hammer throw ball around her body .
text:The camera operator turns the camera on him .
text:The camera operator turns the camera on hers .
text:The camera operator turns the camera on himself .
text:The camera operator turns the camera on herself .
text:The two throw the balls back and fourth while gesturing to others and one jumping on his friend .
text:The two throw the balls back and fourth while gesturing to others and one jumping on her friend .
text:A sailor delivers a powerful blow to someone 's face , sending the cross flying out of his grip and skittering across the deck .
text:A sailor delivers a powerful blow to someone 's face , sending the cross flying out of her grip and skittering across the deck .
text:The foreman notices someone 's cast , painted to match his coat sleeve .
text:The foreman notices someone 's cast , painted to match her coat sleeve .
text:A person slides a heavy ball on the floor while holding a brush on his left hand .
text:A person slides a heavy ball on the floor while holding a brush on her left hand .
text:Catching sight of his reflection in a mirror , the prowler walks up to an open closet door .
text:Catching sight of her reflection in a mirror , the prowler walks up to an open closet door .
text:Our view lingers on the operator , then ducks back as he turns toward us .
text:Our view lingers on the operator , then ducks back as she turns toward us .
text:The teen shuts his eyes .
text:The teen shuts her eyes .
text:his mouth quivering , the killer gazes at the mannequin 's impassive face .
text:her mouth quivering , the killer gazes at the mannequin 's impassive face .
text:The killer pulls back someone 's shower cap , revealing a dotted marker line on his forehead .
text:The killer pulls back someone 's shower cap , revealing a dotted marker line on her forehead .
text:The operator carefully climbs down the ladder to the floor and looks at his phone .
text:The operator carefully climbs down the ladder to the floor and looks at her phone .
text:his mouth quivering , the killer gazes at the mannequin 's impassive face .
text:her mouth quivering , the killer gazes at the mannequin 's impassive face .
text:The teen shuts his eyes .
text:The teen shuts her eyes .
text:The robbers have the cop tied to a chair and are still wailing on his .
text:The robbers have the cop tied to a chair and are still wailing on her .
text:The robbers have the cop tied to a chair and are still wailing on him .
text:The robbers have the cop tied to a chair and are still wailing on hers .
text:The squirrel bobs his head in and out of the coffee cup .
text:The squirrel bobs her head in and out of the coffee cup .
text:Various people are seen standing around a pit when one rides in on a bull and kicks him off .
text:Various people are seen standing around a pit when one rides in on a bull and kicks hers off .
text:Various people are seen standing around a pit when one rides in on a bull and kicks himself off .
text:Various people are seen standing around a pit when one rides in on a bull and kicks herself off .
text:Another catches air as he flies over a snowy hill .
text:Another catches air as she flies over a snowy hill .
text:By the bed , the chief adjusts his battle vest .
text:By the bed , the chief adjusts her battle vest .
text:The battle scarred local presses his lips closed .
text:The battle scarred local presses her lips closed .
text:The athlete then dismounts the bars and lands on his feet .
text:The athlete then dismounts the bars and lands on her feet .
text:People have only a second to react before - - The Bug swipes at them with the back of his clawed hand , like someone brushing aside a gnat - - and sends them flying fifteen feet in the air .
text:People have only a second to react before - - The Bug swipes at them with the back of her clawed hand , like someone brushing aside a gnat - - and sends them flying fifteen feet in the air .
text:Someone steps up to his , the small human facing off against the giant alien hug .
text:Someone steps up to her , the small human facing off against the giant alien hug .
text:Someone steps up to him , the small human facing off against the giant alien hug .
text:Someone steps up to hers , the small human facing off against the giant alien hug .
text:One of the policemen upholsters his gun and nods to someone whose back enters .
text:One of the policemen upholsters her gun and nods to someone whose back enters .
text:Someone looks at the German calmly , takes the card out of his hand , and tears it up .
text:Someone looks at the German calmly , takes the card out of her hand , and tears it up .
text:The overseer walks up to a table with a paper in his hand .
text:The overseer walks up to a table with a paper in her hand .
text:A field hockey player dribbles a ball on the field between his legs .
text:A field hockey player dribbles a ball on the field between her legs .
text:The field hockey player hits up while juggling the ball in the air and balances on his stick .
text:The field hockey player hits up while juggling the ball in the air and balances on her stick .
text:Someone winks at one of the young med students as the resident then turns to his , someone , someone .
text:Someone winks at one of the young med students as the resident then turns to her , someone , someone .
text:Someone winks at one of the young med students as the resident then turns to him , someone , someone .
text:Someone winks at one of the young med students as the resident then turns to hers , someone , someone .
text:The video begins with several shots of a person doing tricks on a skateboard while many people watch him on the sides .
text:The video begins with several shots of a person doing tricks on a skateboard while many people watch hers on the sides .
text:The futuristic weapon vaporizes two of the officers with beams of blue light , then swivels toward the last officer as he scrambles to open a locked door .
text:The futuristic weapon vaporizes two of the officers with beams of blue light , then swivels toward the last officer as she scrambles to open a locked door .
text:The person plays a game of pool by himself .
text:The person plays a game of pool by herself .
text:The person shoots balls into the pockets making each shot he takes .
text:The person shoots balls into the pockets making each shot she takes .
text:In the dorm room , someone carries Cuddles to a laundry basket and sets his on top of some clothes .
text:In the dorm room , someone carries Cuddles to a laundry basket and sets her on top of some clothes .
text:In the dorm room , someone carries Cuddles to a laundry basket and sets him on top of some clothes .
text:In the dorm room , someone carries Cuddles to a laundry basket and sets hers on top of some clothes .
text:My classmate is very obedient to his parents.
text:My classmate is very obedient to her parents.
text:A player from the blue team aggressively chases the ball with his lacrosse stick and tries to hit a goal .
text:A player from the blue team aggressively chases the ball with her lacrosse stick and tries to hit a goal .
text:A couple of the sheriffs look over at someone off screen , but as Sheriff talks , turn their attention to his .
text:A couple of the sheriffs look over at someone off screen , but as Sheriff talks , turn their attention to her .
text:A couple of the sheriffs look over at someone off screen , but as Sheriff talks , turn their attention to him .
text:A couple of the sheriffs look over at someone off screen , but as Sheriff talks , turn their attention to hers .
text:A bike mechanic is shown in front of a mountain bike as he explains to the camera how to do work on it .
text:A bike mechanic is shown in front of a mountain bike as she explains to the camera how to do work on it .
text:As one lifeboat returns to the side of the wreck , the dark - haired crewman shines his flashlight over the debris stream water .
text:As one lifeboat returns to the side of the wreck , the dark - haired crewman shines her flashlight over the debris stream water .
text:Another black screen appears and a different person tries to do the jump but he too hits the pole .
text:Another black screen appears and a different person tries to do the jump but she too hits the pole .
text:The secretary always keeps his things in perfect order.
text:The secretary always keeps her things in perfect order.
text:That badminton player told others that he is a vegetarian. 
text:That badminton player told others that she is a vegetarian. 
text:The inspector hurries back into his office and slides down a fireman 's pole .
text:The inspector hurries back into her office and slides down a fireman 's pole .
text:Furrowing his brow , the inspector opens the vent and peers inside .
text:Furrowing her brow , the inspector opens the vent and peers inside .
text:Someone 's cell and the gang leader sets down his magazine .
text:Someone 's cell and the gang leader sets down her magazine .
text:The leader yields his place to the composer and someone smoothly takes over conducting .
text:The leader yields her place to the composer and someone smoothly takes over conducting .
text:That student often makes naive mistakes and is shy of talking to his classmates.
text:That student often makes naive mistakes and is shy of talking to her classmates.
text:A volleyball coach talks to the camera while two volleyball players stand behind his .
text:A volleyball coach talks to the camera while two volleyball players stand behind her .
text:A volleyball coach talks to the camera while two volleyball players stand behind him .
text:A volleyball coach talks to the camera while two volleyball players stand behind hers .
text:An athlete jumps with a pole to pass the horizontal bar , then he falls on the foamy mat .
text:An athlete jumps with a pole to pass the horizontal bar , then she falls on the foamy mat .
text:Someone cuts a forlorn figure as he plods away .
text:Someone cuts a forlorn figure as she plods away .
text:A toddler in pajamas runs past frantically , running into other rooms and jumping excitedly because he wants to be picked up .
text:A toddler in pajamas runs past frantically , running into other rooms and jumping excitedly because she wants to be picked up .
text:A kid on a long board kicks his board and starts skating around .
text:A kid on a long board kicks her board and starts skating around .
text:The Archbishop goes to his throne and sits .
text:The Archbishop goes to her throne and sits .
text:We watch the conductor as he works and see the orchestra .
text:We watch the conductor as she works and see the orchestra .
text:A diver is standing on his hands at the end of a diving board .
text:A diver is standing on her hands at the end of a diving board .
text:A gymnast walks up to a beam , preparing himself .
text:A gymnast walks up to a beam , preparing herself .
text:The camera moves to a player helping another with his serve .
text:The camera moves to a player helping another with her serve .
text:One person in scuba gear holds on to the other person in scuba gear and does something to his tank .
text:One person in scuba gear holds on to the other person in scuba gear and does something to her tank .
text:A person with a white mask and a sheet over his head walks back from the camera and grabs a pumpkin .
text:A person with a white mask and a sheet over her head walks back from the camera and grabs a pumpkin .
text:One person is then shown playing Field hockey and then comes back to talk about what he has just done .
text:One person is then shown playing Field hockey and then comes back to talk about what she has just done .
text:The model uses some hair gel to style his hair after the haircut .
text:The model uses some hair gel to style her hair after the haircut .
text:Another surfer with dark hair comes to join in the water with a guitar case which he tries to use .
text:Another surfer with dark hair comes to join in the water with a guitar case which she tries to use .
text:The gymnast stands on a platforms and swings himself onto a set of double bars .
text:The gymnast stands on a platforms and swings herself onto a set of double bars .
text:Still standing , the doctor leans over the desk , his back to the camera , and makes a few notes in the file .
text:Still standing , the doctor leans over the desk , her back to the camera , and makes a few notes in the file .
text:Then out of nowhere is starts to spin the thing in his hand , it looks really dangerous .
text:Then out of nowhere is starts to spin the thing in her hand , it looks really dangerous .
text:The barber begins to shave his head .
text:The barber begins to shave her head .
text:With a wounded glare , the rock star steps away in his burgundy briefs .
text:With a wounded glare , the rock star steps away in her burgundy briefs .
text:The coach states what he loves about the process and what is most important .
text:The coach states what she loves about the process and what is most important .
text:The keeper comes out and takes his coat .
text:The keeper comes out and takes her coat .
text:The young surfer sits cross - legged , drawing in his private notebook .
text:The young surfer sits cross - legged , drawing in her private notebook .
text:The veteran surfer appears uninjured as he climbs onto the rock 's peak .
text:The veteran surfer appears uninjured as she climbs onto the rock 's peak .
text:On another catwalk above the factory floor , someone kicks a guard on the chest , knocking his over a railing .
text:On another catwalk above the factory floor , someone kicks a guard on the chest , knocking her over a railing .
text:On another catwalk above the factory floor , someone kicks a guard on the chest , knocking him over a railing .
text:On another catwalk above the factory floor , someone kicks a guard on the chest , knocking hers over a railing .
text:On another catwalk above the factory floor , someone kicks a guard on the chest , knocking himself over a railing .
text:On another catwalk above the factory floor , someone kicks a guard on the chest , knocking herself over a railing .
text:The princess and his people exit the room .
text:The princess and her people exit the room .
text:A skier is adjusting his shoes on the board .
text:A skier is adjusting her shoes on the board .
text:A person 's feet pushes his along a river in the tube .
text:A person 's feet pushes her along a river in the tube .
text:A person 's feet pushes him along a river in the tube .
text:A person 's feet pushes hers along a river in the tube .
text:A slow motion shot of people sitting in the water is shown as well as a surfer standing up on his board .
text:A slow motion shot of people sitting in the water is shown as well as a surfer standing up on her board .
text:The guitar player closes his eyes feeling the music .
text:The guitar player closes her eyes feeling the music .
text:The singer wearing the blue button shirt raises his arms showing emotion .
text:The singer wearing the blue button shirt raises her arms showing emotion .
text:A person is seen riding a wave along the water while many wad in the water around his and others head into the water .
text:A person is seen riding a wave along the water while many wad in the water around her and others head into the water .
text:A person is seen riding a wave along the water while many wad in the water around him and others head into the water .
text:A person is seen riding a wave along the water while many wad in the water around hers and others head into the water .
text:A person is seen blow leaves around a yard using a leaf blower sitting on his back .
text:A person is seen blow leaves around a yard using a leaf blower sitting on her back .
text:After they leave , another karate student wearing a yellow belt comes on stage to perform his karate moves with a baton .
text:After they leave , another karate student wearing a yellow belt comes on stage to perform her karate moves with a baton .
text:The bullfighter then demonstrates how to use his sword on the bull .
text:The bullfighter then demonstrates how to use her sword on the bull .
text:Someone lands a flurry of punches before the Teen Punk can even defend him , frequently taking opportunities to eyeball someone .
text:Someone lands a flurry of punches before the Teen Punk can even defend hers , frequently taking opportunities to eyeball someone .
text:Someone lands a flurry of punches before the Teen Punk can even defend himself , frequently taking opportunities to eyeball someone .
text:Someone lands a flurry of punches before the Teen Punk can even defend herself , frequently taking opportunities to eyeball someone .
text:The puts nail polish on a folder and uses them to embellish his fingernail .
text:The puts nail polish on a folder and uses them to embellish her fingernail .
text:A sack in each powerful arm , the butcher leads his family farther on as panicking villagers race past .
text:A sack in each powerful arm , the butcher leads her family farther on as panicking villagers race past .
text:The second time when the diver dives , he manages to successfully make it into the swimming pool without injuries .
text:The second time when the diver dives , she manages to successfully make it into the swimming pool without injuries .
text:A scuba diver holds onto a rock as he throws a peace sign in the air .
text:A scuba diver holds onto a rock as she throws a peace sign in the air .
text:Now the young writer reads on his sofa while someone cooks .
text:Now the young writer reads on her sofa while someone cooks .
text:As the terrified survivor struggles to crawl away , someone moves over his .
text:As the terrified survivor struggles to crawl away , someone moves over her .
text:As the terrified survivor struggles to crawl away , someone moves over him .
text:As the terrified survivor struggles to crawl away , someone moves over hers .
text:A teen falls face down from his skateboard on the ground .
text:A teen falls face down from her skateboard on the ground .
text:A frost giant grabs the guard by the throat and slashes him with an icy blade sprouting from one arm .
text:A frost giant grabs the guard by the throat and slashes hers with an icy blade sprouting from one arm .
text:The instructor adjust his foot to show the correct posture for yoga .
text:The instructor adjust her foot to show the correct posture for yoga .
text:The instructor is talking as his model demonstrates the techniques on a tabletop .
text:The instructor is talking as her model demonstrates the techniques on a tabletop .
text:Then the instructor makes the model lift his left leg up straight and move it sideways while maintaining balance .
text:Then the instructor makes the model lift her left leg up straight and move it sideways while maintaining balance .
text:A chef demonstrates how to cut and chop several vegetables as he prepares an asian inspired meal .
text:A chef demonstrates how to cut and chop several vegetables as she prepares an asian inspired meal .
text:A poodle with casts on his front legs is standing up right dancing with a child .
text:A poodle with casts on her front legs is standing up right dancing with a child .
text:The young grabs the older head , and older pushes his down .
text:The young grabs the older head , and older pushes her down .
text:The young grabs the older head , and older pushes him down .
text:The young grabs the older head , and older pushes hers down .
text:A second turk comes to assist his comrade ; someone mounts the horse , knocking both Turks to the ground .
text:A second turk comes to assist her comrade ; someone mounts the horse , knocking both Turks to the ground .
text:Someone put two more bullets in the alien as he trots past .
text:Someone put two more bullets in the alien as she trots past .
text:Two students walk by behind the musician while he plays .
text:Two students walk by behind the musician while she plays .
text:On a college campus , a mailman takes a few letters from his satchel and places them into one of many po boxes .
text:On a college campus , a mailman takes a few letters from her satchel and places them into one of many po boxes .
text:The director of the race gives an interview as people pass behind his .
text:The director of the race gives an interview as people pass behind her .
text:The director of the race gives an interview as people pass behind him .
text:The director of the race gives an interview as people pass behind hers .
text:Back by the transport , the mercenary aims his gun at someone 's head .
text:Back by the transport , the mercenary aims her gun at someone 's head .
text:A volt of electricity hits the gun - wielding mercenary dead - on , exploding him and takes off someone 's arm .
text:A volt of electricity hits the gun - wielding mercenary dead - on , exploding hers and takes off someone 's arm .
text:The chauffeur shakes his head .
text:The chauffeur shakes her head .
text:The swimmer pulls a muscle in the pool and jumps up onto the pool deck and stretches out his leg .
text:The swimmer pulls a muscle in the pool and jumps up onto the pool deck and stretches out her leg .
text:With his mouth hanging open , the killer lowers the body onto someone and leans over the trunk .
text:With her mouth hanging open , the killer lowers the body onto someone and leans over the trunk .
text:Someone walks over to one of the stagehands and flings his out of the way .
text:Someone walks over to one of the stagehands and flings her out of the way .
text:Someone walks over to one of the stagehands and flings him out of the way .
text:Someone walks over to one of the stagehands and flings hers out of the way .
text:Someone walks over to one of the stagehands and flings himself out of the way .
text:Someone walks over to one of the stagehands and flings herself out of the way .
text:A carpenter cuts his finger , spilling blood .
text:A carpenter cuts her finger , spilling blood .
text:Someone acknowledges grimbold , a marshall of rohan , as he passes by a group of soldiers .
text:Someone acknowledges grimbold , a marshall of rohan , as she passes by a group of soldiers .
text:The singer croons into his microphone .
text:The singer croons into her microphone .
text:The middle - aged student gathers his things .
text:The middle - aged student gathers her things .
text:The pirate drops to his knees then falls over .
text:The pirate drops to her knees then falls over .
text:The player on the left serves again and his opponent returns the serve .
text:The player on the left serves again and her opponent returns the serve .
text:A person is seen standing on the beach with a soccer ball in front of his and a person standing in a goal .
text:A person is seen standing on the beach with a soccer ball in front of her and a person standing in a goal .
text:A person is seen standing on the beach with a soccer ball in front of him and a person standing in a goal .
text:A person is seen standing on the beach with a soccer ball in front of hers and a person standing in a goal .
text:A person is seen shoveling up some snow with the camera laid on his head .
text:A person is seen shoveling up some snow with the camera laid on her head .
text:After , the gymnast stands on his hands , turn and jumps to land on the mat , then walks .
text:After , the gymnast stands on her hands , turn and jumps to land on the mat , then walks .
text:Then , the gymnast performs pommel horse while spinning his body .
text:Then , the gymnast performs pommel horse while spinning her body .
text:A gymnast stands before a large crowd in an arena and puts his hands up .
text:A gymnast stands before a large crowd in an arena and puts her hands up .
text:The boyish officer now sporting his own hat follows someone through a door .
text:The boyish officer now sporting her own hat follows someone through a door .
text:The four - year - old stares at the finger puppet , then quietly takes it in his small hands .
text:The four - year - old stares at the finger puppet , then quietly takes it in her small hands .
text:Another player then steals the ball and starts kicking it until its more into his control , and kicks it straight into the goal .
text:Another player then steals the ball and starts kicking it until its more into her control , and kicks it straight into the goal .
text:The artist shows a bottle of blue color liquid which he uses to paint stripes on to the fish cake .
text:The artist shows a bottle of blue color liquid which she uses to paint stripes on to the fish cake .
text:The kid moves a piece , keeping his finger on it .
text:The kid moves a piece , keeping her finger on it .
text:The kid moves another counter , but still keeps a pudgy finger on it , and looks at someone , then changes his mind and moves it back .
text:The kid moves another counter , but still keeps a pudgy finger on it , and looks at someone , then changes her mind and moves it back .
text:The kid quickly moves one of his pieces , taking three of someone 's , and reaching the far end of the board at the same time .
text:The kid quickly moves one of her pieces , taking three of someone 's , and reaching the far end of the board at the same time .
text:The kid removes his finger .
text:The kid removes her finger .
text:The right one lights his cigarette then smokes .
text:The right one lights her cigarette then smokes .
text:Another person seated on the sofa is playing on his phone .
text:Another person seated on the sofa is playing on her phone .
text:As the web designer walks through a sliding door , an air gust blows the sign from his hands .
text:As the web designer walks through a sliding door , an air gust blows the sign from her hands .
text:The bird looks sadly to his face .
text:The bird looks sadly to her face .
text:The soldiers raise their rifles and an officer cocks his pistol .
text:The soldiers raise their rifles and an officer cocks her pistol .
text:The piercing artist touches the needle and the nose as he screws a nose ring on .
text:The piercing artist touches the needle and the nose as she screws a nose ring on .
text:Several students individually approach the Grandmaster attempting to fight his and are pushed back quickly .
text:Several students individually approach the Grandmaster attempting to fight her and are pushed back quickly .
text:Several students individually approach the Grandmaster attempting to fight him and are pushed back quickly .
text:Several students individually approach the Grandmaster attempting to fight hers and are pushed back quickly .
text:The burly thug hides behind his companion .
text:The burly thug hides behind her companion .
text:The Lightning Thief pulls out his sword .
text:The Lightning Thief pulls out her sword .
text:The person chases and calf and ropes his up while walking away .
text:The person chases and calf and ropes her up while walking away .
text:The person chases and calf and ropes him up while walking away .
text:The person chases and calf and ropes hers up while walking away .
text:The person chases and calf and ropes himself up while walking away .
text:The person chases and calf and ropes herself up while walking away .
text:Someone picks up a rocket launcher , hitting the guard as he stands .
text:Someone picks up a rocket launcher , hitting the guard as she stands .
text:Rain is pouring down and a person is walking across the field pointing his finger across the field .
text:Rain is pouring down and a person is walking across the field pointing her finger across the field .
text:The player from the red team kicks a goal and the crowd cheers for his .
text:The player from the red team kicks a goal and the crowd cheers for her .
text:The player from the red team kicks a goal and the crowd cheers for him .
text:The player from the red team kicks a goal and the crowd cheers for hers .
text:At the arena , a spectator shouts through his cupped hand .
text:At the arena , a spectator shouts through her cupped hand .
text:The captain leaves his chair .
text:The captain leaves her chair .
text:This little baby is shown pretending to iron his clothes .
text:This little baby is shown pretending to iron her clothes .
text:As one lifeboat returns to the site of the wreck , the dark haired crewman shines his flashlight over the debris strewn water .
text:As one lifeboat returns to the site of the wreck , the dark haired crewman shines her flashlight over the debris strewn water .
text:As the professor leaves someone 's desk , someone watches his alertly .
text:As the professor leaves someone 's desk , someone watches her alertly .
text:As the professor leaves someone 's desk , someone watches him alertly .
text:As the professor leaves someone 's desk , someone watches hers alertly .
text:The person is zig - zagging with his board down a slope .
text:The person is zig - zagging with her board down a slope .
text:A person is seen close up cutting the hooves of a pig and moving his hands around to see .
text:A person is seen close up cutting the hooves of a pig and moving her hands around to see .
text:A track athlete prepares himself to run .
text:A track athlete prepares herself to run .
text:Someone closes his cell and places it in the professor 's hand .
text:Someone closes her cell and places it in the professor 's hand .
text:The white - chested penguin bears a black someone over his heart .
text:The white - chested penguin bears a black someone over her heart .
text:The archer bows his head , then looks back to the cross .
text:The archer bows her head , then looks back to the cross .
text:Brad introduces his friend , Wolf Wigo , who swims into frame .
text:Brad introduces her friend , Wolf Wigo , who swims into frame .
text:Wolf Wigo then gives his own tips about water polo .
text:Wolf Wigo then gives her own tips about water polo .
text:Wolf Wigo then gives him own tips about water polo .
text:Wolf Wigo then gives hers own tips about water polo .
text:An athlete with Barrios tag on his shirt is standing behind the net .
text:An athlete with Barrios tag on her shirt is standing behind the net .
text:A person is seen swimming under water using scuba gear and pulling a rope by his side .
text:A person is seen swimming under water using scuba gear and pulling a rope by her side .
text:The archer rinses his hands and face , then beams .
text:The archer rinses her hands and face , then beams .
text:The archer stands stiff as he unbuttons a clasp at this throat .
text:The archer stands stiff as she unbuttons a clasp at this throat .
text:In the bedroom , the general sits on the bed , with someone straddling his .
text:In the bedroom , the general sits on the bed , with someone straddling her .
text:In the bedroom , the general sits on the bed , with someone straddling him .
text:In the bedroom , the general sits on the bed , with someone straddling hers .
text:The Russian 's eyes close and his head drops .
text:The Russian 's eyes close and her head drops .
text:The Russian 's eyes close and his head drops .
text:The Russian 's eyes close and her head drops .
text:In the bedroom , the general sits on the bed , with someone straddling his .
text:In the bedroom , the general sits on the bed , with someone straddling her .
text:In the bedroom , the general sits on the bed , with someone straddling him .
text:In the bedroom , the general sits on the bed , with someone straddling hers .
text:A chef stands on a boat and excitedly clasps his hands making a presentation .
text:A chef stands on a boat and excitedly clasps her hands making a presentation .
text:A person is seen bending forward on a gymnastics beam while moving his hands up to keep balance .
text:A person is seen bending forward on a gymnastics beam while moving her hands up to keep balance .
text:The toddler stands in the middle of the hula hoop and begins swinging his hips and smiling at the camera .
text:The toddler stands in the middle of the hula hoop and begins swinging her hips and smiling at the camera .
text:Wearing a white tie and shirt , someone smiles at the steward as he steps inside .
text:Wearing a white tie and shirt , someone smiles at the steward as she steps inside .
text:An athlete in a yellow tank sprints as he holds a white stick and leaps over a bar .
text:An athlete in a yellow tank sprints as she holds a white stick and leaps over a bar .
text:A parent is tattooing their very small child that looks like he is about 3 .
text:A parent is tattooing their very small child that looks like she is about 3 .
text:Grimacing , the inspector reaches down and unlocks his leg brace .
text:Grimacing , the inspector reaches down and unlocks her leg brace .
text:An aerial photo shows the blond teen 's body stripped down in the desert with blood around his head .
text:An aerial photo shows the blond teen 's body stripped down in the desert with blood around her head .
text:Someone looks at next door 's garden as someone walks up his front steps .
text:Someone looks at next door 's garden as someone walks up her front steps .
text:Wearing a black vest and tie , the boxer joins his family .
text:Wearing a black vest and tie , the boxer joins her family .
text:A young adult is seen sitting before a piano and beginning to play with his hands .
text:A young adult is seen sitting before a piano and beginning to play with her hands .
text:The cooker cuts and fries squid in a pot , then he adds salt and vinegar .
text:The cooker cuts and fries squid in a pot , then she adds salt and vinegar .
text:A toddler is sitting down in front of a table , with his play make up laid out on the table .
text:A toddler is sitting down in front of a table , with her play make up laid out on the table .
text:The vet sits on a chair with the cat in his lap .
text:The vet sits on a chair with the cat in her lap .
text:The writer drops his head on the typewriter .
text:The writer drops her head on the typewriter .
text:The wide - eyed author looks up from his typewriter .
text:The wide - eyed author looks up from her typewriter .
text:The writer drops his head on the typewriter .
text:The writer drops her head on the typewriter .
text:Someone makes the wise decision that is this asshole 's a friend of someone , he better let it go for now .
text:Someone makes the wise decision that is this asshole 's a friend of someone , she better let it go for now .
text:A weight lifter powders his hands on a stage .
text:A weight lifter powders her hands on a stage .
text:A teen holds a hula ring on his waist while talking .
text:A teen holds a hula ring on her waist while talking .
text:The zombie 's teeth chomp through the curtain and his tongue slithers out , dripping black slime .
text:The zombie 's teeth chomp through the curtain and her tongue slithers out , dripping black slime .
text:One of them only has one arm and he surfs so well , its amazing .
text:One of them only has one arm and she surfs so well , its amazing .
text:A surfer rides his whiteboard on a wave .
text:A surfer rides her whiteboard on a wave .
text:A person is seen having his back shaved and signing a piece of paper .
text:A person is seen having her back shaved and signing a piece of paper .
text:The president clinging to a drip stand , fixes his eyes on the tall pointed Washington monument .
text:The president clinging to a drip stand , fixes her eyes on the tall pointed Washington monument .
text:Someone spits a mist of water at the customer , drenching his .
text:Someone spits a mist of water at the customer , drenching her .
text:Someone spits a mist of water at the customer , drenching him .
text:Someone spits a mist of water at the customer , drenching hers .
text:The statue bows his head .
text:The statue bows her head .
text:The wheelman aims his pistol at the U - boat .
text:The wheelman aims her pistol at the U - boat .
text:The candidate shakes his head .
text:The candidate shakes her head .
text:The driver , with thick stubble and cap , puts on a tape as he drives off .
text:The driver , with thick stubble and cap , puts on a tape as she drives off .
text:The driver glances behind his .
text:The driver glances behind her .
text:The driver glances behind him .
text:The driver glances behind hers .
text:A gardener is shown trimming very tall bushes with a gas powered trimmer that he plugs in and gets ready .
text:A gardener is shown trimming very tall bushes with a gas powered trimmer that she plugs in and gets ready .
text:However , the person continues to blow the leaves and pauses as he runs into a small median in the sidewalk .
text:However , the person continues to blow the leaves and pauses as she runs into a small median in the sidewalk .
text:Now , a bald heavyset guard turns up a boombox on top of his security control panel .
text:Now , a bald heavyset guard turns up a boombox on top of her security control panel .
text:A karate instructor throws a student to the mat grabbing his collar .
text:A karate instructor throws a student to the mat grabbing her collar .
text:The shape gets out of the station wagon , close to camera so we ca n't see his .
text:The shape gets out of the station wagon , close to camera so we ca n't see her .
text:The shape gets out of the station wagon , close to camera so we ca n't see him .
text:The shape gets out of the station wagon , close to camera so we ca n't see hers .
text:Someone shoots the general 's guards and kicks one so hard he flies over a railing .
text:Someone shoots the general 's guards and kicks one so hard she flies over a railing .
text:The activist carries his briefcase surreptitiously toward the door .
text:The activist carries her briefcase surreptitiously toward the door .
text:The informant climbs out of his car .
text:The informant climbs out of her car .
text:An athlete stretches out his arms before an event .
text:An athlete stretches out her arms before an event .
text:A person is seen riding around on a horse holding a piece of rope in his hands moving back and fourth .
text:A person is seen riding around on a horse holding a piece of rope in her hands moving back and fourth .
text:An instructor is shown talking to his class .
text:An instructor is shown talking to her class .
text:Justin Beiber is playing the piano with a yellow frame around his .
text:Justin Beiber is playing the piano with a yellow frame around her .
text:Justin Beiber is playing the piano with a yellow frame around him .
text:Justin Beiber is playing the piano with a yellow frame around hers .
text:Justin Beiber is playing the piano with a yellow frame around himself .
text:Justin Beiber is playing the piano with a yellow frame around herself .
text:A gypsy is making his favorite food in the kitchen.
text:A gypsy is making her favorite food in the kitchen.
text:The person never cooks before, so he just stands in the kitchen, not knowing what to do.
text:The person never cooks before, so she just stands in the kitchen, not knowing what to do.
text:A shadowy figure sits on the bed with his back to us .
text:A shadowy figure sits on the bed with her back to us .
text:As he slides it into an envelope , the clerk looks into someone 's eyes .
text:As she slides it into an envelope , the clerk looks into someone 's eyes .
text:A person is seen speaking to the camera while holding a snowboard and leads into him riding down a snowy hill .
text:A person is seen speaking to the camera while holding a snowboard and leads into hers riding down a snowy hill .
text:As someone stands by glumly , the Captain hands someone a role of cash then sips his coffee peevishly .
text:As someone stands by glumly , the Captain hands someone a role of cash then sips her coffee peevishly .
text:A person is seen making a drink close up followed by his speaking to others on a mountain .
text:A person is seen making a drink close up followed by her speaking to others on a mountain .
text:A person is seen making a drink close up followed by him speaking to others on a mountain .
text:A person is seen making a drink close up followed by hers speaking to others on a mountain .
text:On the Russian ship , an officer suddenly lifts his head .
text:On the Russian ship , an officer suddenly lifts her head .
text:Through his binoculars , the admiral watches the vessel rise .
text:Through her binoculars , the admiral watches the vessel rise .
text:Now , someone bludgeons an opponent while he 's down .
text:Now , someone bludgeons an opponent while she 's down .
text:On the platform , the referee wrenches someone off of his opponent .
text:On the platform , the referee wrenches someone off of her opponent .
text:An athlete holds a heavy ball , then he spins around and throw the ball .
text:An athlete holds a heavy ball , then she spins around and throw the ball .
text:The shape lies on the floor by the bed , the butcher knife protruding from his stomach .
text:The shape lies on the floor by the bed , the butcher knife protruding from her stomach .
text:The makes a turn of direction on his windsurfing board and pumps back and forth to maneuver it .
text:The makes a turn of direction on her windsurfing board and pumps back and forth to maneuver it .
text:The wakeboarder does stunts on the board as he flips over the and lands back on the river .
text:The wakeboarder does stunts on the board as she flips over the and lands back on the river .
text:The wakeboarder does stunts on the board as his flips over the and lands back on the river .
text:The wakeboarder does stunts on the board as her flips over the and lands back on the river .
text:One of the adults takes hold of the ball and hands it to his friend .
text:One of the adults takes hold of the ball and hands it to her friend .
text:A person sitting on a bicycle is seen sitting before a track start with others and leads into him completing a race .
text:A person sitting on a bicycle is seen sitting before a track start with others and leads into hers completing a race .
text:Across the station , the inspector climbs a series of pegs sticking out of a wall , using only his hands .
text:Across the station , the inspector climbs a series of pegs sticking out of a wall , using only her hands .
text:The security footage shows the clerk hopping over his counter with a shotgun .
text:The security footage shows the clerk hopping over her counter with a shotgun .
text:Later the auburn haired professor walks down the narrow corridor toward his office .
text:Later the auburn haired professor walks down the narrow corridor toward her office .
text:A person wearing a vest has several buckets on the street he is drumming with .
text:A person wearing a vest has several buckets on the street she is drumming with .
text:A person is video taping a bull fighting event from his television set .
text:A person is video taping a bull fighting event from her television set .
text:The person pours toothpaste out onto a brush and continuously brushes his teeth .
text:The person pours toothpaste out onto a brush and continuously brushes her teeth .
text:The kid in the white shirt lets go of the rope and puts his hands in the air .
text:The kid in the white shirt lets go of the rope and puts her hands in the air .
text:The person moves his arms all around the water and off into the distance .
text:The person moves her arms all around the water and off into the distance .
text:The station inspector removes the leash from his dog , who then runs off .
text:The station inspector removes the leash from her dog , who then runs off .
text:The inspector struggles to his feet .
text:The inspector struggles to her feet .
text:Across the station , the station inspector lifts his head .
text:Across the station , the station inspector lifts her head .
text:The inspector reaches the end of the platform and gazes around his .
text:The inspector reaches the end of the platform and gazes around her .
text:The inspector reaches the end of the platform and gazes around him .
text:The inspector reaches the end of the platform and gazes around hers .
text:The carjacker has made his escape from the vehicle and is creeping to a darkened warehouse .
text:The carjacker has made her escape from the vehicle and is creeping to a darkened warehouse .
text:The detective touches his phone .
text:The detective touches her phone .
text:We can now see that one of the Latinos is older , the other two , younger , are his bodyguards .
text:We can now see that one of the Latinos is older , the other two , younger , are her bodyguards .
text:One of the other sailors , Pleasant , calls down from his top bunk .
text:One of the other sailors , Pleasant , calls down from her top bunk .
text:The person uses a brush to clean his shoes thorougly .
text:The person uses a brush to clean her shoes thorougly .
text:As a team is trying to score , a player in a white shirt ducks as the puck flies over his head .
text:As a team is trying to score , a player in a white shirt ducks as the puck flies over her head .
text:We watch through a window as someone ushers the zookeeper into his room .
text:We watch through a window as someone ushers the zookeeper into her room .
text:The baker put safety ling on the molder , put jelly in it , then he put the jelly off the molder .
text:The baker put safety ling on the molder , put jelly in it , then she put the jelly off the molder .
text:The baker pour the batter in the purple molder , then he place a silicone tray in the oven and put the cake in the oven .
text:The baker pour the batter in the purple molder , then she place a silicone tray in the oven and put the cake in the oven .
text:At that point , the inspector sticks his head in , smiles and gives someone the thumbs up .
text:At that point , the inspector sticks her head in , smiles and gives someone the thumbs up .
text:The champion birder enters his now fully renovated home .
text:The champion birder enters her now fully renovated home .
text:As they stare , the emt furrows his brow and takes a step back .
text:As they stare , the emt furrows her brow and takes a step back .
text:Dropping his gun , a guard races away .
text:Dropping her gun , a guard races away .
text:A teen puts his left leg on the legs of a youth .
text:A teen puts her left leg on the legs of a youth .
text:A person is seen shooting a cue ball on a pool table with many others watching him around the sides .
text:A person is seen shooting a cue ball on a pool table with many others watching hers around the sides .
text:The barber stops to clean his hands with a towel .
text:The barber stops to clean her hands with a towel .
text:The teen loves shopping so much that he spends hundreds of dollars every day.
text:The teen loves shopping so much that she spends hundreds of dollars every day.
text:Passing arriving mourners , the teen spots his mentor across the street .
text:Passing arriving mourners , the teen spots her mentor across the street .
text:Later , the teen enters his dark house .
text:Later , the teen enters her dark house .
text:Passing arriving mourners , the teen spots his mentor across the street .
text:Passing arriving mourners , the teen spots her mentor across the street .
text:Another trooper crashes into the burning wreck and sails off his bike .
text:Another trooper crashes into the burning wreck and sails off her bike .
text:There 's an athlete doing the hammer throw in a large stadium with some spectators and few other players watching him .
text:There 's an athlete doing the hammer throw in a large stadium with some spectators and few other players watching hers .
text:The baby throws his right arm in the air .
text:The baby throws her right arm in the air .
text:A chef is talking inside a kitchen as he fills a pan with frying oil and water .
text:A chef is talking inside a kitchen as she fills a pan with frying oil and water .
text:The tiny baby has a jacket scar in his forehead .
text:The tiny baby has a jacket scar in her forehead .
text:The leader of the team slips but recovers his footing .
text:The leader of the team slips but recovers her footing .
text:The agent looks away , shifting his anxious gaze .
text:The agent looks away , shifting her anxious gaze .
text:A pole vaulter runs up and launches his over the bar .
text:A pole vaulter runs up and launches her over the bar .
text:A pole vaulter runs up and launches him over the bar .
text:A pole vaulter runs up and launches hers over the bar .
text:A pole vaulter runs up and launches himself over the bar .
text:A pole vaulter runs up and launches herself over the bar .
